1.what is cloud computing ?
ans:- the cloud computing is the most demanding service,specially data storage and maintaning the data center and
server and computing power,storage,databaseand the cloud provider is aws .
2.deployment model in cloud ?
ans:-Deployment models in the context of cloud computing refer to the specific arrangement and 
configuration of cloud resources to deliver computing services. There are several deployment models, each with its own characteristics and use cases. 
3.sevice model in cloud ? 
ans:-The three main service models in cloud computing are Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Software as a Service (SaaS).
  1.Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS):
  Definition: IaaS provides virtualized computing resources over the internet. It includes virtual machines, storage, and networking. Users can rent these resources on a pay-as-you-go basis.
  2.Platform as a Service (PaaS):
  Definition: PaaS provides a platform that includes infrastructure, runtime, and development tools to allow developers to build, deploy, and scale applications without managing the underlying infrastructure.
  3.Software as a Service (SaaS):
  Definition: SaaS delivers software applications over the internet on a subscription basis. Users can access these applications through a web browser without needing to install or maintain the software locally.
4.architechture of cloud computing ?
ans:- 
5.aws golbal infratructure count ?
ans:- 1.AWS is a cloud computing platform which is globally available.
      2.AWS is available in 32 regions, and 102 availability zones .
      3.
6.why do we use region ?
ans:- aws is physical infrastructure and logical networking. Users can choose a specific
AWS region to deploy their resources and  some reasons AWS regions are important.
7.what is service ? & what are resources ?
ans:- These services can be include computing power, storage, databases, machine learning, networking, and more. 
Cloud services are typically categorized into three main service 1.iaas 2.paas 3.saas0
ans:-firstly cloud computing is indiviual compunents and that make up cloud infratructure and can be include  virtual machines, storage volumes, databases, network components, and other elements 
aws is mutiple resource in EC2 instance (a virtual machine), an S3 bucket (for storage), or an RDS database instance.
